                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Winter 2020)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Ansheng Xu

 
B: Qingtao Sun

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	        3          3
coding 	  	  	            8          8
writeup 	  	  	        3          2
planning (alone) 	  	  	4          2
total (including meetings)  18  	   15	 


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
    A worked on 3 level blocking, unrolling, different size register tiling and parameter tuning.
    B worked on packing padding, register tiling, alignment, parameter tuning.
(b) Did you complete the assignment? 
    Yes.
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
    A is not very familiar with c programming language. But A is good at coming up with new idea.
    B is more familiar with c programming and encouraging as a team member but less devoted.
    Our team collaborate very well. We have started early on this project and has been very 
    productive by working remotely and frequently communicating with each other about our progress, 
    bugs and help each other.
(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
    Collaboration is important and is better than working individually.
    Small things like a simple parameter may have huge impact that you would not think of.
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
    The only thing maybe we can try is to physically work together at a location instead of
    working remotely, though working remotely works as well.
    B would like to work together closely but have been freaked out by coronavirus, 
    definitely would do if the situation gets better.  
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
    None.
(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?
    Please make the report requirement clearer.
